
Transcript. Use arrow keys to navigate between transcript entries. Select an entry to navigate the media to the time of the entry.


Search

AI-generated content may be incorrect

Oyemade, Obaloluwa started transcription

So, Candi
0 minutes 3 seconds0:03
So, Candi 0 minutes 3 seconds
We also need some procedures to see how do we migrate or merge the user accounts from the external user account to the internal rim, and then we also want to do some testing after all the job roles we set up in.
So, Candi 0 minutes 23 seconds
according to the internal matrix. And we know it cannot be done in non-port. We talk about the limitation and so on. And we find a way, maybe we should be doing some extensive testing in production. So I think this call, we want everyone to be on the call.
So, Candi 0 minutes 43 seconds
And go through the step by step, make sure that we're not missing things, and to be honest, we we haven't we haven't done a dry run, so hasn't done testing with raw data, so such as like asking for a special CSV, CSV.
So, Candi 1 minute 5 seconds
But I think before we can produce the CSV for to run through the Sasha's cohort, the teams, you know, the initial low scripts, we also have to identify enough user scenarios. Like someone already exists because they have DWH access.
So, Candi 1 minute 26 seconds
someone they don't exist and then so there might be a difference in how do we create a profile or even create a CSV file. So how about we start with the data preparation? I know Radhika put the spot on you, but I know your.
So, Candi 1 minute 46 seconds
teams working on a lot of user account cleanup and then preparing for the employee user list. So, or you, if you want to start with the project plan to go through the line items, I would like maybe pass on the time to you to go through it.
So, Candi 2 minutes 6 seconds
If is fair.

Sharma, Radhika
2 minutes 8 seconds2:08
Sharma, Radhika 2 minutes 8 seconds
Okay. So.
Sharma, Radhika 2 minutes 14 seconds
We can start with the project plan. It doesn't have too much in it in terms of detail, in terms of...
Sharma, Radhika 2 minutes 22 seconds
all of the things that we're looking at when we're preparing the user list, but I'll speak through the items that are somewhat relevant.
Sharma, Radhika 2 minutes 31 seconds
So, let me know when you guys can see my screen.

So, Candi
2 minutes 39 seconds2:39
So, Candi 2 minutes 39 seconds
Yash.

Sharma, Radhika
2 minutes 40 seconds2:40
Sharma, Radhika 2 minutes 40 seconds
Okay.
Sharma, Radhika 2 minutes 42 seconds
So, we'll just focus on this section here.
Sharma, Radhika 2 minutes 46 seconds
Um, the...
Sharma, Radhika 2 minutes 50 seconds
execution side of it. So what we are in the process of doing right now is we've pulled fresh data from R2 and CX to determine which employees we need to include in the various lists that we have.
Sharma, Radhika 3 minutes 10 seconds
We're in the process of identifying who has a, who is a DWH user that has CX access, who is a DWH user that doesn't have CX access. We're also identifying the R2 IDs that need to be linked to users because we have.
Sharma, Radhika 3 minutes 28 seconds
Essentially, at the end of the employee SSO, one of the other targets that we want to achieve is employees are not logging into R2 directly. So, in order to limit that, we're including that in the assessment to make sure that all R2 users have a CX profile, and if they already have a CX profile that has an R2 ID.
Sharma, Radhika 3 minutes 48 seconds
We want to make sure that they're linked and transitioned. So you'll see that as part, sorry, before I move on, as part of the assessment, we're also looking at assigning all of the job roles that every single person needs to have based on the IDs that we want to keep for them. And the job roles
Sharma, Radhika 4 minutes 8 seconds
coincide with the job roles that we have in the matrix.
Sharma, Radhika 4 minutes 13 seconds
So in terms of the list, I'll skip row 35 for a second. There's a few different activities that we need to do. Some of this actually does affect the Tech Titan side of it because we do need some support to do a couple of things. So what we've identified is users can be in three different.
Sharma, Radhika 4 minutes 32 seconds
statuses. You can have a user that has just a CX ID. Those are straightforward. You can have a user that has a CX ID and an R2 ID, but that R2 ID is not transitioned. Does everybody know what that means?

Newton, Persis Esther
4 minutes 52 seconds4:52
Newton, Persis Esther 4 minutes 52 seconds
What's transitioned?

Sharma, Radhika
4 minutes 54 seconds4:54
Sharma, Radhika 4 minutes 54 seconds
Okay, so when you are a your R2 ID, if it's not transitioned, meaning you don't have a transition date in your R2 profile, that means that, and it's sorry, if you don't have an R2 date that is from the past in your R2 profile, and your ID is linked to your CX ID,
Sharma, Radhika 5 minutes 16 seconds
it still gives you the ability to log in directly to R2.
Sharma, Radhika 5 minutes 20 seconds
So what we need to do is say you have Esther a profile on R2 and you have a profile on CX. You know, you have your R2 ID linked to your CX profile. What we need to do is in R2, we need to set your transition date to say October 18, for example.
Sharma, Radhika 5 minutes 40 seconds
That means that as of October 19, when you try to log into R2, it's going to redirect you to new CompassX. This prevents you from being able to log in directly to R2.
Sharma, Radhika 5 minutes 52 seconds
So like that, we are identifying people who need to be transitioned, meaning they're already linked to CX, but we just have to change their transition date on R2. And then we have people who, you know, say Atesh has an R2 ID and a CX ID that are separated.
Sharma, Radhika 6 minutes 11 seconds
and they're not linked anywhere. We have to link that ID in CX, and then we also have to update the transition date in R2.
Sharma, Radhika 6 minutes 19 seconds
So we're identifying those user sets. Based on that, this is, I'm going to jump a few steps ahead. This is where we do need some support from the TECH Titans. So we're looking at the TECH Titans to execute a script for us to update those transition dates in R2 in bulk.
Sharma, Radhika 6 minutes 39 seconds
for the users that we identify and based on the transition date that we provide. And I think, Maisha, you've already done some of that preliminary, like you checked with, I think, Anna maybe.

Wahab, Maisha
6 minutes 50 seconds6:50
Wahab, Maisha 6 minutes 50 seconds
Yeah.
